# Hydra
how to install hydra   how to install hydra- Hi guys if you are searching for how to install hydra and searching for the best article to get the best explanation about how to install hydra. Then you are in the right place.   Today I'm here going to share the step by step tutorial about "how to install hydra". Through this article, you can get a lot of about how to install hydra and use in termux, how to install hydra in termux, how to install hydra on kali linux. And I'm damn sure that you will never get all this unique information like us on the internet anywhere else.    how to install hydra   What is Hydra Tool?   Thc-hydra, In short, we can call it hydra, This tool is used for penetration testing and cracking the open ports and web login pages like FTP login pages, HTTP login pages, and many more pages. This tool is purely made to make the cracking process more efficient with the best results. So this tool is available for only some limited devices like Linux, Debian based but today will discuss how to install the hydra tool on any device without any errors or issues, Like termux and other terminal emulator apps.   How to Install Hydra?   To Install hydra there are some must requirements which you need to follow.   REQUIREMENTS (Termux/Kali)   > 1 GB of data storage   > 50 MB internet data   > 3 GB of ram for better performance   >  Android with 5.0.0 and higher   >  Rooted device   I hope, you had followed all the requirements properly.   1. Install Termux app from F-droid app, and update &amp; upgrade it.   apt-get update apt-get upgrade   2. After updating Termux, Install basic packages like python, curl, wget, php, etc.   apt install -y python php curl wget git nano   3. Now open the Termux home directory.   cd $HOME   4. Git clone the hydra link in termux/kali.   git clone https://github.com/vanhauser-thc/thc-hydra   5. Now open the cloned hydra repository in your terminal.   cd $HOME/thc-hydra   6. Install some packages by executing the config script.   ./configure make make install   7. All ready to go, Hydra tool usage help command.   ./hydra -h   8. It's time for a little practical demonstration, So suppose you want to hack the FTP port then we can try this command.   ./hydra -l admin -p password ftp://localhost/   9. For more info you can check these commands, In which you get a proper idea about how you can use -p And -P commands according to your needs, That's all.   hydra -l admin -p password ftp://localhost/  hydra -L default_logins.txt -p test ftp://localhost/  hydra -l admin -P common_passwords.txt ftp://localhost/ hydra -L logins.txt -P passwords.txt ftp://localhost/
